{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23380\viewh15120\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ESSIE Spring 2019 Newsletter\
\
Welcome to the Engineering School of Sustainable Infrastructure & Environment (ESSIE) at the University of Florida's digital newsletter. Each semester, you will receive an email from us highlighting School updates and successes. We look forward to connecting with you!\
\
LETTER FROM THE DIRECTOR: https://www.essie.ufl.edu/news_and_events/article/?art_id=706\
We are pleased to share with you our Spring 2019 electronic newsletter.  \
\
\
NEW FACULTY HIRES: https://www.essie.ufl.edu/news_and_events/article/?art_id=707\
Meet the newest faculty members in ESSIE.\
\
\
ALUMNI SPOTLIGHT: https://www.eng.ufl.edu/newengineer/alumni-spotlight/alumni-spotlight-bruce-bodine-senior-vp-phosphates-at-mosaic-company\
Bruce Bodine, Environmental Engineering Alumni, returns to Florida to lead in the phosphate mining field.\
\
\
RESEARCH SPOTLIGHT: https://www.essie.ufl.edu/news_and_events/article/?art_id=708\
Lauren Brisley is creating an autonomous solar-powered video monitoring station for boats, coastal habitats and wildlife. \
\
\
RESTORING RESILIENT COASTAL ECOSYSTEMS: http://news.ufl.edu/articles/2019/01/were-not-just-here-to-dabble-around-were-here-to-answer-questions.php\
Christine Angelini, Ph.D., and her team of fellow researchers conducted a study on oyster reef restoration efforts. \
\
\
ALUMNI SPOTLIGHT: https://www.eng.ufl.edu/newengineer/alumni-spotlight/uf-alum-madeley-arriola-guerrero-selected-as-a-new-face-of-civil-engineering-by-asce\
Madeley Arriola Guerrero selected as a "New Face of Civil Engineering" by ASCE. \
\
\
CIVIL AND ENVIRONMENTAL GRADUATE PROGRAMS AMONG TOP 20: https://www.essie.ufl.edu/news_and_events/article/?art_id=704\
The Civil Engineering graduate program is now ranked No. 18 among best public graduate programs, moving up two spots from the previous ranking. The Environmental program jumped four spots, moving to No. 20 among publics.\
\
\
** Attention Alumni\
------------------------------------------------------------\
Update your information and tell us about your accomplishments since you left campus. We will feature alumni achievements in upcoming communications and social media.\
\
Connect with Us: https://www.eng.ufl.edu/alumni-giving/contact/update-info\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Visit our website: \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 https://www.essie.ufl.edu\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
https://www.eng.ufl.edu/about/transformation\
\
============================================================\
https://www.facebook.com/UF.ESSIE\
https://twitter.com/essie_uf\
https://www.instagram.com/essie_uf\
https://www.youtube.com/user/gatorengineering\
\
Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering\
Engineering School of Sustainable Infrastructure & Environment\
365 Weil Hall\
P.O. Box 116580\
Gainesville, FL 32611\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 %%Member_Busname%%\
%%Member_Addr%%\
%%Member_City%%, %%Member_State%% %%Member_PostalCode%%\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 View this email in your browser\
%%view_email_url%%\
 \
You are receiving this email because you opted in at our website or because you are affiliated with Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering.\
 \
Unsubscribe/manage subscriptions: %%subscription_center_url%%\
Manage your profile: %%profile_center_url%%\
\
\
<custom name="opencounter" type="tracking">}